First-fit :
This way of allocating jobs organizes the jobs by memory allocation being scheduled on the low-ordered to high-ordered
memory. In this method, first job claims the first available memory with space more than or equal to it's size. Pros of this algorithm would be that is very fast in processing, and it is also very fast in execution. Cons of this algorithm would be that it wastes a lot of memory because the processor ignores if the size of the server is much larger compared to the size of the job. This would require some jobs not having enough memory to and would have to wait for a job to be completed.

Best-fit: This algorithm keeps the job list in order by size, smallest to largest. Here the operating system first searches the whole of the memory and fitness values according to the size of the job and allocates it to server with the closest fitting memory. Pros of this algorithm would be that it is very memory efficient. Since it allocates to the minimum possible space in the memory, the memory get efficiently allocated and stops it from being wasted. The cons of this algorithm would be that it is a slow process. To schedule the jobs, we need to check all the servers and their memory which requires a lot of time.

Worst-fit: This algorithm traverses through the list of servers and check their memory, and their fitness value while it searches for the largest server that can schedule the job. The pros of this algorithm would be each time a job gets scheduled, there will a large fragmentation left in that server so other smaller jobs can be allocated in the same server. The cons would be that it is a very slow process because it goes through all the servers as well and selects the server with the largest fitness value and space.
